Best practices first version (#1455)
SAP/spartacus-docs: _pages/dev/best-practises/extending-best-practices/extending-best-practices.md

---
title: Extending Best Practices
---

The Spartacus library gives us great opportunities. Many Spartacus elements can be reused and some of them just need to be carefully extended in our own way.

Extending the elements should be the basic action we will perform in Spartacus implementation projects.

> Each time you will have to implement a new feature or just a single functionality, find it or something similar in the Spartacus Code and analyze how much you can reuse it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each time you have to implement a new feature or a single functionality, find it or something similar in the Spartacus Code and analyse how much you can reuse.
```
